 Hello. Hi. Shall we just stop? Yeah. Okay. Hello. The morning's a hug. I'll help you this morning. Sorry to hear that. And when you say diuret, what do you mean by diuret? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. She didn't even make it. She says don't. Her. Her. She said don't shrink. She did leave her, And now she's like, This is how most of the time, She's like, I'd give you. I would give you. I'd give you. Okay, and you mentioned you've had some pain in your tummy as well. Where about as a pain? Is that clear? One side, what side is that? That side, okay. Then can you describe the pain to me? Okay, and is it there all the time or does it come and go? Does it pain move anywhere else? Is that on the towards your back? Okay, fine. And you mentioned you've been feeling quite weak and shaky as well. Would you be feeling less shaky? Do you mean you've been feeling feverish for example? Okay. Do you measure your temperature then? Okay, okay. Any other symptoms like sweating or nights? No. And any vomiting at all? Okay, and was your vomit? I know it's not nice we've talked about, but was it just normal food colour? Yeah, and there was no blood in your vomit. Is that right? No, okay. Any other symptoms at all? You mentioned tummy pain, you mentioned diarrhea, you mentioned vomiting. Anything else that comes to mind? Okay. Okay, so you're drinking fluids. What kind of foods have you managed to eat? Anything? Okay, fine. And so, these started just three days ago to get symptoms. Are you aware of any triggers which may have caused symptoms to kick on? So for example, things like takeaway foods or eating out or being around other people who would sing the symptoms. Thank you. Do you remember where you ate? Okay. Anyone else on well with similar symptoms? Okay, fine. Right. And in terms of your overall health, are you normally facing well or? Okay. And did you ask them a welcome troll? Fine. And you don't have any other tummy problem, bowel problem, that should be aware of. No, okay. And pardon the inhalers, do you take any other medications? Okay, fine. In terms of your day to day life, you said it's been affecting your life. In what way has it been affecting your life? Okay. Yeah. And are you currently working at the moment? Okay. Have you been going into work last three days? Have you been at home? Okay. That must be difficult for you then. And you said you mentioned you live with a wife and two children, is that right? Just a couple of other questions we need to ask. Okay. And you drink much in a way of alcohol. Okay. So normally at this stage, I'll actually examine you as I can. But haven't listened to your stories. I think you just recap. For last three days, you've been having a loose stool diarrhea, a bit of tummy pain, million on the left hand side, vomiting and feeling, you're quite weak and ethargic. You mentioned you didn't have this Chinese takeaway as well three days ago. And I wonder whether that might be the cause of your problems. It seems like you may have something called gastroenteritis, which essentially is the tummy bug or infection of your tummy, mainly caused by viruses, but it can be a possibility of bacteria causing your symptoms. At this stage, what we'd recommend is just what we say conservative management. So I don't think you're needing anti-barges. It's really just making sure you're well hydrated, so drinking fluids. There are things like, diorolite you can get from the pharmacy, which it helps replenish some of your minerals and vitamins. And if you are having vomiting and diarrhea, I would recommend that in the first couple of days. If you're offering feverish and weak, taking some paracetamol, two-week tab is up to four times a day, for the first few days can also help. I was certainly going to advise you to take some time to work, actually I know you're quite keen to work. I would say next two to three days, as I mentioned, clear from your system, take some time off and rest. If your symptoms haven't got better in three to four days, I'll write you a time back in senior again. Because if it is ongoing, then we have to wonder whether it's something else called your symptoms. And we may need to do further tinnus, like taking a sample of your stool, so we can test that, et cetera, et cetera. How does that sound? Do you have any questions for me? Okay, is the treatment plan clear? Great, well I wish you all the best. Thank you.